Recommend JSON object encoding of an attribute for non-OTLP (#5028)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: CHANGELOG.md

### Common

- Add in-development guidance recommending a JSON object as the string
  representation for an attribute in non-OTLP or debugging contexts.

>   ([#8205](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/8205))

Author: ```suggestion
- Add in-development guidance recommending a JSON object as the string
  representation for an attribute in non-OTLP or debugging contexts.
  ([#5028](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/5028))
```
